# Comp541-Final-Project-Wild-West-Showdown
Wild West Showdown game for Comp541 Final Project.

We initially wrote our game in C using Google Cloud Shell. Once our game ran the way we wanted it to in Google Cloud Shell, we had to convert our C code into MIPS Assembly code. This wasn't too bad, I just had to relearn how to write in Assembly. Luckily our professor had ways to help us debug assembly code and the TA's were very helpful. It was cool seeing everyone's game at the end and it was actually fun designing and implementing my game. We also had to implement hardware into our project which was something we were practicing the entire semester. Even though this class took alot of time in office hours, I'm glad I got to experience making a game and implementing hardware into the game.

The game is called Wild West Showdown. It's a 2 player game where both players can move and shoot at the same time. The goal of this game is to shoot the other player and avoid getting hit by bullets. Initially I made it so the bullets would dissappear after it hits the side of the screen but I thought it would be more fun if the bullet looped all the way to the other side so eventually it becomes a bullet hell. Getting the bullet's x and y position and moving it depending on where the character face and updating it every second was the difficult part. Overall I'm happy with my final product and how cool people thought my game is. I drew the sprites myself using https://www.cs.unc.edu/~montek/teaching/Comp541-Fall23/LabProject/abrahampost-spritemaker/ that another student made in Fall of 2023.
